[WIP] [glean] Implement glean metrics ping (#1762)
mozilla-mobile/android-components: components/service/glean/docs/metrics_ping.md

# The `metrics` ping

> The metrics ping contains all of the metrics defined in metrics.yaml that don't specify a ping or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `metrics` ping contains all of the metrics defined in `metrics.yaml` that don't specify a ping or 
```

> where "default" is specified in their pings list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `default` is specified in their [`send_in_pings`](https://mozilla.github.io/glean_parser/metrics-yaml.html#send-in-pings) property.
```

> The `metrics` ping is automatically sent when the application is moved to the *background* and it 

Reviewer: Please describe the full logic here, the fact that it's sent only once every 24 hours and how that works by checking the time when we get to background.
